---
layout: post
title:  "Sorrento Dental COVID-19 Updates"
date:   2020-03-27
permalink: covid19/
thumbnail-image: /media/icons/sdcLogoPlain.jpg
feature-image: /media/staff/staff.jpg
tags: 
- practiceInformation
---

This page outlines the state of our operations during the ongoing COVID-19 situation. 

## UPDATE 18th May 2020
Please be advised that we are tomorrow (Tuesday 19th May) will will be closed all day. The reason for this is that we have been advised by Western Power that due to necessary power maintenance in the area, our power will be turned off for the day. 
This means we won't be available to answer the phone either as we wont be able to access our practice management software. Feel free to call and leave a voicemail, and we will attend to all messages as a priority on the following morning. 

Our apologies for the inconvenience, and the unfortunate timing as we reopen from COVID closures over the previous two months. We will be open throughout the remainder of the week.

## UPDATE 11th May 2020
The Australian Dental Association WA Branch has now officially announced that restrictions on dental practices have been relaxed to level 1. This follows a couple of weeks at level 2, which gave us the ability to perform only very limited treatment. Level 1 allows us the freedom again to use our dental handpieces and hygiene scalers for all patients except those with suspected or confirmed COVID-19 symptoms.

Our reception team will be available this week on Tuesday and Thursday all day to answer the phone and make appointment bookings, and from next week we expect to be available all day Tuesday to Friday. So if you have been waiting to contact us with any current dental issue, please call or email us so we can find a time to see you as promptly as possible. 

Our dental hygienists will also be returning to work next week, and recall appointments can recommence. We will be contacting everyone with existing appointments previously booked in for the next week to confirm, and in some cases modify appointment times to allow us to follow social distancing guidelines in the reception area. We will also be starting to contact the patients who were unable to be seen during the COVID closure and have requested to be rebooked as soon as possible.

We will reactivate our online appointment booking system again soon, but for now it’s really useful to speak to you over the phone to triage cases and book appropriate appointment lengths.

Please note that there will still be some additional safety measures implemented during your appointment to keep everyone safe. We have an information sheet and form for you to sign on arrival which has more details. One final note in the interest of safety, we request that for all appointments, guests or family members only attend the practice with you if absolutely necessary. We appreciate your understanding on this matter. 

## UPDATE 27th March 2020
As of yesterday evening, ADA restrictions have increased to level 3. Due to this, and in the interest of doing our best to prevent spread of the virus, we expect to be completely shut down for the next month. We intend to regularly monitor our email and voicemails, and intend to keep the website updated with our current status and further information.

If you have an appointment in the coming days we have already contacted you to reschedule your appointment. If you have a recall appointment booked in the next few weeks that you are happy to have postponed feel free to email us with your details and we will put you on the recall list for later in the year or when things return to normal. 

## ORIGINAL POST 24th March 2020
We have received and are complying with directives laid out by the Australian Dental Association and the Health Department, to postpone any non-emergency dental treatment. The government has classified dental surgeries as an essential service but due to additional risks inherent in dental procedures, we face stringent restrictions on what equipment we are able to use. 

Ideally, we recommend that all our patients should stay at home in order to best prevent spread of the virus. However, we will endeavour to remain available to direct patients who require emergency treatment. 
Best wishes from the team at Sorrento Dental Clinic.

Regards,  
Dr Reece Orbuck and Dr Simon Kenrick




 