---
layout: post
title:  "Sorrento Dental COVID-19 Updates"
date:   2020-03-27
permalink: covid19/
thumbnail-image: /media/staff/thumbnails/sdcLogoPlain.jpg
feature-image: /media/staff/staff.jpg
tags: 
- practiceInformation
---

This page to is to outline the state of our operations during the ongoing COVID-19 situation. We have received and are complying with directives laid out by the Australian Dental Association and the Health Department, to postpone any non-emergency dental treatment. The government has classified dental surgeries as an essential service but due to additional risks inherent in dental procedures, we face stringent restrictions on what equipment we are able to use. 

Ideally, we recommend that all our patients should stay at home in order to best prevent spread of the virus. However, we will endeavour to remain available to direct patients who require emergency treatment. 
Best wishes from the team at Sorrento Dental Clinic.

Regards,

Dr Reece Orbuck and Dr Simon Kenrick

## UPDATE 27/03/2020
As of yesterday evening, ADA restrictions have increased to level 3. Due to this, and in the interest of doing our best to prevent spread of the virus, we expect to be completely shut down for the next month. We intend to regularly monitor our email and voicemails, and intend to keep the website updated with our current status and further information.

If you have an appointment in the coming days we have already contacted you to reschedule your appointment. If you have a recall appointment booked in the next few weeks that you are happy to have postponed feel free to email us with your details and we will put you on the recall list for later in the year or when things return to normal. 

